funny rc note about dm channels (#9)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/user.mdx

  Create Private Channel
</RouteHeader>

> One recipient creates or returns an existing [DM channel](/resources/channel#channel-object), no or multiple recipients create a [group DM channel](/resources/channel#channel-object). Returns a [private channel](/resources/channel#channel-object) object. Fires a [Channel Create](/topics/gateway-events#channel-create) Gateway event. (If multiple channels with a single recipient exist, the channel with the largest ID is returned)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One recipient creates or returns an existing [DM channel](/resources/channel#channel-object), no or multiple recipients create a [group DM channel](/resources/channel#channel-object). Returns a [private channel](/resources/channel#channel-object) object. Fires a [Channel Create](/topics/gateway-events#channel-create) Gateway event. 

If multiple channels with a single recipient exist, the most recent one is returned.
```

Author: "Recent is meh here since were talking about literal miliseconds, largest ID is more clear cut

Reviewer: Largest ID is unnecessarily verbose; recent is more in-line with how [snowflakes work](https://discord-userdoccers.vercel.app/reference#encryption).

Author: Docs should be as verbose as u can get :)

Reviewer: Verbosity is appreciated when it adds additional context. Largest ID does not offer any extra information; it offers less information when taking the structure of a snowflake into account.

One recipient creates or returns an existing [DM channel](/resources/channel#channel-object), no or multiple recipients create a [group DM channel](/resources/channel#channel-object). Returns a [private channel](/resources/channel#channel-object) object. Fires a [Channel Create](/topics/gateway-events#channel-create) Gateway event.

> If multiple channels with a single recipient exist, the most recent(Largest ID) channel is returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple channels with a single recipient exist, the most recent channel (largest ID) is returned
```
